So we have our unit test, and our build.
And one would argue,
could I put a dash dash coverage here?
I could, it would work, right?
It would run my test and
would generate a coverage report.
I could absolutely do that.
That said, when I get a red x.
I kind of want to because I
have that threshold in there.
You have no threshold, yeah, put a dash
dash dash coverage here, do it, right?
Right now I have that auto threshold set
which will fail the build if it doesn't
hit that.
And so if I see the red x I would like
the visual indicator of why I got a red x,
because I didn't hit the coverage
threshold or because my tests don't pass.
So in that case I would
break it out into two tests.
Again, so some of these are less
about the technical limitations,
more about the ergonomics of using it.
So for us,
what we're going to do is we simply.
And like I said,
you owe it to yourself to Google, like,
GitHub Action Recipes at some point.
Because whatever, like, there's, if not
only, like, don't copy and paste the code.
A lot of it's bad.
But at least for
the inspiration of things you can do.
Because a lot of it is,
pull in this action that either somebody
else pre-wrote or is made by GitHub,
or looks reasonable or something you
might choose to do yourself, right?
But again, there's like auto
commenting on GitHub issues, right?
Which is somebody runs an open source repo
I might want at some point in my life,
but if you were in a private one,
it's not useful.
Stuff that is kinda unique enough
that it's not worth all the time to
do as a group.
Like stuff like running your tests.
Think we should all do that one,
right, cool.
Building the assets, yeah.
Running a typscript checker.
Weird little stuff like, we have one
thing kick off an npm version bump
to a different repo and then kick off
this other thing and deploy this way.
We have, like, a Rube Goldberg machine
that's actually particularly elegant and
beautiful, but
not really generally applicable.
But you owe it yourself to at least do
an inspirational journey to see what's
out there.
Because there's, like, wild stuff.
You can basically control
anything in GitHub.
And also make cURL requests to, like,
make a Slack notification based on this
thing happening, so on and so forth.
But for us, we're just grabbing
this actions/upload-artifact@v3.
Where we'll archive a coverage report
with the name coverage-report and
the path coverage, right?
The challenge that I'm giving you is do
something very similar with the build
assets.
It's not spiritually any different, but
it's just a way to kind of move your hands
and fingers and do something on your end.
So as you can see, it ran.
I've got three parallel
jobs at this point.
And I have this new artifact,
and it's called coverage-report.
And it downloads a directory.
And you know what that directory is?
A zip file of the coverage folder, right?
So you could at least audit.
You have that as an artifact every time.
And like I said, we did this with the
coverage report because it was a thing.
It could be your build.
It could be optimized image assets, right?
It could be, if you're building
an Electron app, it could be the built.
Like you could use,
like we said this before when
we're introducing GitHub Actions.
You choose to build it on Windows,
build it on MacOS, build it on Linux, and
then have the built assets
that you're doing stuff with.
When we release our CLI,
it's a Go binary, we compile it, right?
You download from GitHub releases, right?
We use it internally to move stuff around
between workflows as well because you can
query it with the GitHub API.
You can move stuff around with it as well.
There's lots and lots and lot of reasons
that are somewhat unique to your life.
Luckily, the same action/archive
upload artifact rather,
@v3 will work regardless of use case,
because all it takes is a directory and
a name, and then you have this
ability as well and you can do that.
And again, you could theoretically,
if you had that enforcing the threshold.
I would again be very light touch with it,
only do core files.
Don't do everything all
the time because I dropped,
one of the draft runs of this,
forgot that I had left that on and
it dropped a slight bit and
then I had to like my build failed.
Maybe that's not what you want.
The other thing you can
do with GitHub actions.
And we won't because it's
just like a one-liner.
And the nature of it when I tell you what
it is will explain to you why we're not
doing it.
You could put a schedule in there.
Like instead of like,
you like it on like pull request domain,
you could also say at 1:30 UTC every day,
like maybe you run a bigger test suite,
right?
I'll say it now and then we'll revisit
it when we talk about playwright.
You can run playerwright
against all the browsers.
Every PR, that's gonna take some time.
You gotta download them, yada, yada, yada.
And yeah, I will probably get in
trouble on Twitter, I'll say it.
You might choose for
PRs just run it against Chrome, right?
However, we're gonna actually cut
a release and deploy to production.
Okay, now Safari, and
Firefox, and all the rest.
Right, and so you could theoretically,
maybe you don't break a build on
the coverage report on the thresholds.
But maybe you like choose to run it
every day and have it notify you.
Either with a broken build in the actions
that doesn't stop a PR from going in but
you can see, or
have it log to Slack, or whatever.
To show you like, hey,
you're below the threshold.
And that doesn't necessarily mean
you're gonna stop shipping code,
as if you did it on a pull request.
But these are the systems that I'm
talking about in the processes.
This is more of a true
process at this point of,
hey, maybe at sprint planning we take a
look at the code coverage report that was
generated an hour before sprint planning
every day or every other week, right?
Something along those lines of, what
are the systems that keep you accountable?
Maybe, you know, if you're on the process
of getting towards a given accessibility
standardization, you run it every so
often.
You can manually kick
off an action as well.
And you might choose to do different
things where you don't necessarily do it
every PR, maybe you do it yeah,
every so often.
Maybe you manually do it.
Maybe you maybe instead
of failing a build.
Like even if you use GitHub but
you don't have an open source project.
Maybe like for the more egregious
accessibility or linch issues,
it doesn't fail the build, but
maybe it opens up like a GitHub issue.
Right, that you can then track or
do something with.
Or you can do cURL commands,
you can make API requests, right?
You actually have a GitHub SDK
in there as well.
Maybe it like hits a webhook in Jira
right and it creates a Jira task.
We should definitely deal with that
now I don't have to break the build.
There's nuances of like because that
run is a bash I mean you can do
other shells bash.
And so you can send HTTP
requests anywhere you want.
You can run JavaScript to do
very small things, right?
Like all the processes, I said this very,
very early in this workshop we have
a release we call it release party.
We cut a release of our UI every
week on Monday at the beginning.
And like currently it's
an hour long meeting,
mostly because we're also joking around.
But the goal is every repetitive task,
somebody's doing the deploy while we
do stand up, and then somebody else is
noting all the manual steps we had to do.
And we're just slowly whittling it away
and slowly getting to the point where
it's like, that's tedious,
we should automate that.